Now, as we have seen "New" and "Delete" are
the extensions of malloc and free in the C++ world.
New and delete, they don't only allocate and deallocate memory,
they also call the constructor and the destructor of an object.
With all the advantages and the flexibility there comes a responsibility for you though.
You have to play by the rules,
that is to always delete objects,
to use divide operators to do so,
and to think about memory ownership,
so that it's always clear who is responsible for a memory resource on the heap.
This section introduces an idiom called Resource Acquisition Is Initialization,
or RAII for short.
This idiom has been conceived by the creator of C++,
Bjarne Stroustrup, with the idea in mind to put a management class around a resource,
and to manage the resource entirely within the class while providing
third-party access by the programmer through well-defined interfaces only.
This can be used for files, for memory,
for concurrent programming, or for network connections.
So it really is widespread programming paradigm.
It also is something that is implemented by
smart pointers as we will see in the next section.
Now let's take a look at RAII and see what it is all about.